# Recruitment and early time
Tommy was persuaded to join the [[Warrior Tribe]] saying that he can join the "army" and that they accept misfits. He was persuaded by [[Kova]]. 

Kova said that he was just like him, exiled from his tribe, the [[River tribe]], a long time ago when he was just a teenager. He said that he did some mistakes but then exiled forever. Warrior's tribe accepted him and they became his new family. Tommy believed him, and this is mostly why he accepted his offer. Whether or not this is the truth, no fucking idea.

He didn't exactly join one of the bigger groups of the Warrior tribes. The one that he joined consists of about 100 people, most of them are young adults. They are led by a group of older people, one of them is Kova. It is a semi nomadic group, they don't constantly move, but they don't stay in one place for too long. All of the people there are fighters, ready to fight at a moment notice, they are part of the warrior's tribe afterall. 

However, obviously training to fight and fighting is not all they do. Someone has to fetch some food, craft goods, grow plants, and just some everyday life things. Tommy stayed in a long house, which houses like 12 people. It's a bit like a barrack, but with a kitchen and bathrooms. He was told that he was assigned to this "platoon", that he had to follow some combat training, but also help around the tribe a bit.

Eventually, he helped around in herbalism, making potions and shits, but he was also assigned in food gathering, cuz he was a hunter anyway. In herbalism, he was under the supervision of one of the older people in the tribe, [[Aiyana]] (she's also part of the leader of the tribe). She taught Tommy the basics, and Tommy was basically her assistant. In hunting, Tommy was accompanied by [[Kele]]. Kele used to hunt alone, and well, let's just say that he was not that good. Tommy taught him a thing or two so he could become a better forager/hunter. Kele also turned out to be an exile from another tribe, he came originally from the [[Coastal tribe]].

Aside from regular physical training, herbalism, and hunting, Tommy was also assigned in various "missions" throughout his stay with the tribe. Some of these missions are mostly scouting or making contact with random people, dropping packages in random places in the forest, extracting very specific (and potent) plants, scouting forest areas, and even one time stealing from traders, at least that's what Tommy thought. These actions were justified by the tribe leaders as "for the good of the tribe and the whole of Wabanaki".
# First Assassination

After settling in for a week, Kova talked to Tommy about what happened to him. Tommy basically shed everything he experienced. Kova seemed to be real sympathetic. Kova then basically asked him what Tommy wanted to do about that, Tommy said that he felt like vengeance is due, justice had to be served. Kova then basically nudging by telling him that he had to do something similar as well. Saying that it was right because justice was served. Tommy, blinded by rage, just went along with it, happy that he doesn't just disagree with the idea of vengeance. Kova then mentioned that it is possible for him to learn more how to do things, the camp would provide for him and just whatever he needs to Kova. However, at this point, Kova hasn't exactly said yes to the assassination yet, he's just saying that the tribe can help him with a bit of this and that.

So eventually he trained and trained. Some specialization in combat and even got a bit of subterfuge/stealthy stuff training as well. After about a couple months of training, he eventually went back to Kova and asked if he could help plan with his vengeance plan, killing Mika. Kova was (pretending to be) reluctant at first, but eventually agreed. They formed a team, and a gameplan. The team consists of 4 people including Tommy. The other's job was simply to set up a little camp close the hunter's tribe. They would be scouting them first, and determine the perfect time to strike.

Through some sneaky beaky like and good espionage, they found out that a hunting party that includes [[Mika]] are gonna go out soon. They know the time and where they are going to go. It's go time. The rest of the team distracted the rest of the hunting by luring a beast which is usually hunted by scattering the hunting party first (Tommy knew the tactic). Mika was then separated.

Tommy was like in the dark, assassin creed style, broody, cool as shit, edgy and stuff. Killed Mika assassin's screed style: Tommy swooped down from the trees, surprising Mika from above. There's a bit of resistance but the element of surprise was giving Tommy a big advantage. Mika however managed to stabbed Tommy near the shoulder, but eventually Tommy overcame Mika. Mika was begging for his life and shit as Tommy swooped down on him from trees, it was cool as shit. Mika told Tommy that he didn't even want to kill the sacred beast, he said that something weird happened to him, making him do crazy things. Tommy just didn't care and slash slash away. Mika dead dead.

Tommy went back with a wound, both physical and mental. Killing someone was not cool at all. Tommy felt real bad, check out https://www.mlive.com/news/2012/06/experts_the_psychological_afte.html. Kova sorta "consoled" him. Telling him that he get it too, that he had that exact same feeling, however justice needed to be served. And it's not fully served yet, his father and the elder still lived. Kova told Tommy to take his time, and when he's ready for the next one, Kova will be there.

# Second Assassination

For the next couple month Tommy was not feeling good at all. He was lacking in his daily chores, missed out on some herbalism duties and physical training. He didn't, however, missed any hunting duty. He liked that a lot, reminded him of his time with his brother. Kele accompany him a lot during this time and Tommy shared with him his situation and what he was feeling, but well of course the manly "not everything is shared" way lol.

Obviously, this ain't looking good, so Kova told him that if he gets back on his feet again, he'll find a way for him to be able to visit [[Tahoma]]. So yeah that motivated the heck out of Tommy.

Tommy came back doing some missions and eventually he told Kova that he's ready for the second one, assassination of the head of the Black Lily's family, Mika's dad, [[Apache]]. This is a long one, the location of the Hunter's tribe is predicted to be quite far away, at least a week journey from the settlement. So they have to prep ahead. Anyway, prep prep prep, brought like a team of 3 (one of them is Kele as well), got there, and scouted first while keeping a distance. Now these guys, are pretty good in stealthy shit, but not as good as the hunter's tribe on alert (cuz of assassination of Mika, they're paranoid af). So they had to be extra extra sneaky. They be staking out for at least a week.

Eventually, they settled on sneaking in as a local, and poison the drink of Apache. Tommy was basically serving a poisoned drink to him. Well, let's just say that the approach was somehow problematic and things didn't go too smooth. Apache did die, but Tommy didn't get out of there fast enough and he was defo seen, might have even been recognized. So well, the way back was real slow as well, they had to do a lot of sneaky beaky cuz they need to make sure that they're not followed and traced back to the warrior's tribe camp. It took 3 weeks out in the woods to get back, but at least they weren't followed (at least that's what they believed).

This assassination did not Tommy as hard, cuz well it's not the first time and also he didn't directly kill him. But yeah he just sucked it up. Kova wasn't super happy that it wasn't smooth, but nothing out of the ordinary aside from that.



