# The Community
Super nice community, cool vibes, Tommy got close to them. He made friends and helped them. HOW HE HELP EM...

Then the community got bullied. HOW IT WAS BULLIED. At first Tommy was still kinda keeping distance between him and the community cuz trauma, now after this, he felt kinda obliged to protect them, especially knowing that there was not that many people that was capable??
# Effect on relationship
Straight to punching at first, but then it fired back, and had to do more investigation. Sharav got prego, and shit in the relationship started to get more serious. Tommy got scared because he doesn't think that he's good enough to be her serious serious partner and a father, but he still cares about them. The way he cope with it is by very actively protecting the community, thinking that that's all he's good for, to the point that it's obviously too much. Consequently, it created a significant distance between Tommy and Sharav.

Sharav wanted Tommy to stay with them more, let other take care of the problem, especially because of the child. But Tommy was insistant that he should protect the community. This turns into a big fight. Tommy also told her that he is not good enough. Sharav even told him that he is and begged for him to just stay with her more. Then there was a fight about how Sharav was cold to him, then a fight about how Tommy was secretive about his past, how Sharav was also secretive, etc etc. But all this just screams "TOMMY GOT NO BALLS AND CANT COMMIT". After this Tommy just left.

Tommy still loved Sharav, was extremely sad that he had done what he did. Sharav still even begged him to come, but nothing from Tommy. Eventually Sharav just gave up on Tommy. However, Tommy still keeps an eye on them, asking the neighbours how she doing, sending them money. First directly, which then was declined, but then indirectly through Sharav's neighbours (who was also Tommy's friends).

And again, he dealt with this by heavily preoccupying himself with the bullies.