# Academic years
Fontaine Malchair is an Aasimar who studied Divine Magic. He is an Emmeryn local. He is of the same age as [[Alina Zym]], he joined the [[Tempest Academy]] when he was 21 years old. When he was studying Fundementals of Arcane Control in his first year, Alina was a teaching assistant in that class. Fontaine was a fond of her and used every opportunity he got to talk with Alina. Alina noticed it after some sessions but didn't really think much of it. As a disclaimer before we go on, Fontaine was not a creep, it was just a normal big crush like any other. Fontaine was not exactly the confident guy who would ask a girl out in an instant, or even in months for that matter. However he was definitely very talented in Divine Magic, surpassing most of the other students in his studies, making him somewhat distinguishable among the teaching staff, including Alina.

Fontaine joined the Ascent in his second year. He chose the sector of Public Liason of The Ascent, the same as Alina. He probably chose it because of her. He took care most of the logistics of the sector itself, he didn't exactly has the biggest part of the sector. But at this point, he definitely got more chance talking with Alina. They became friends and even spend time together outside of The Ascent. After working for several months with her, he finally got the guts to confess. Unfortunately Alina rejected him, because Alina was just not interested in guys in general. That's right she's a lesbian. Although rejected, they still stayed friends and he also hung out with Natalie as well, although not as much.

# Post Academic years

He graduated at the same time as Alina did. He became a teaching assistant in the academy for a couple of years. He actually wanted to go around the world and discover more beliefs, but for some reason just wasn't ready for it. Although teaching is quite nice, he still felt a little bit unsatisfied. Around the end of his second year in teaching, the Academy decided to have a more open and connected relationship in Lycea. They then reached out one of the tribes under the Duni Ranges to exchange knowledge and establish connection. This is another chance for Fontaine to do what he wants, and he finally took it, he signed up to be part of the team that would be posted there and he got the job. Until the time of [[Jaskier Zym]] death, he is still there.

He still kept in contact with his family and friends in Emmeryn through a personal sending stone and sending spells. He only comes back to Emmeryn around once a year. His job there is to really just be friendly, establish a good relationship and learn more about the culture. The end goal was to actually establish an educational facility in the area (and eventually gain some political influences in Lycea as well).

The tribe that he had first contact with is called Drokpa, they are nomadic, herd mountain goats, and have intricate magic when it comes to clothings. The magic is called Sherpa. Sherpa is somewhat sorcery based, but also divine based. Only those who is born with magic can weave Sherpa, but to increase one's skill, they have to commune with the mighty ancestral spirit of the tribe in a daily basis, hence the divine essence of the magic as well. Because of this magic, they offer many enchanting services to different tribes in the mountain range, they even often get orders from the main halfling tribe in the range. It's for this reason the academy chose this tribe to establish a connection with.