# Academy Life
Lanaya Galewind is an Owlin, one of the few in the [[Tempest Academy]]. She entered at the same time [[Alina Zym]] did and became her roommate, she also studied wizardry. However she is 4 years older than Alina. For an Owlin, she was not very bright. She struggled quite a lot with many of the subjects in schoo but even then, she was and still very cheerful and friendly. After getting scolded in front of class quite a few times for getting horrible grades, Alina took a pitty and decided to help her. She basically studied with her together until she graduated.

Along Lanaya's academic career, her grades cruise just above the minimum. She had got quite a network of friends, but to be fair that was also because she was friends with Alina and thus got indirectly involved in Alina's stuff. There was however one thing that really shine of her though, it's her capabality to be empathetic. She was often Alina's safe place to talk things out. Although she might not have the most friends, she definitely have the most close friends. Just have a conversation for an hour with her and you'll catch yourself pouring your life story out to her.

Her family lives south west of Ophelia, close to the border of Ondinne. Her family... well is not terrible, but definitely could have been better. She's got what people would call a tiger mom. Her dad doesn't talk much, doesn't seem to care much about things in general either. He just worked, went home, read, slept, repeat. She did however has an older sister, Leneya, who was very very nice. It almost felt like she was the only family member Lanaya could connect with. Leneya was however very rebellious, like her sister, she is also not very bright for an owlin. But she had a drive for adventure and decided to go explore the other continents. Her parents didn't agree of course, however she just ran away, leaving only a sending stone for Lanaya.

Lanaya constantly tried her best to make her mother proud, but being the best wizard in Emmeryn was just not her thing. Just right after finishing the basic wizard studies, Lanaya was quite lost. She really had no passion for any of the career prospect for a Wizardry graduate. Alina then suggested her to take education in psychology and maybe get a career in human resources or even a psychiatrist. She looked into it and decided to get into divine magic instead, studying to be a healer of body and mind. She finished her studies one year after Alina did.

# Post Academy Life

After graduating she did find a job to become a nurse in Emmeryn. As one of Alina's closest friend, they see each other quite a lot in their life. Sharing meals together, help each other out, or just hang out. Until the day of [[Jaskier Zym]] death, she is still a nurse. Although she was posted to be a nurse in various locations in Ophelia.