# Academy life

Melina Gree is an Orc that studied Wizardry in the [[Tempest Academy]] and is the girlfriend of [[Alina Zym]]. She's 3 years older than Alina but she came into the academy at the same time as Alina did. They shared almost all classes. She is toe to toe with Alina for being the top student in the year, but most of the time, Melina comes out on top. Outside of classes, they were also rivals in The Ascent. They competed for presidency 3 times, where Melina won 2. The nature of their rivalry was also not exactly a very proffesional one, it is a bit childish, but nothing harmful. They sort of treated each other with spite most of the time. It's like a rivalry between 2 popular girls in high school, but without the bullying.

Their rivalry ended in their second last run for presidency, Alina was 23. During the final debate, one of the other candidates raised a question that puts both Alina and Melina on the spot. Because of this, they actually worked together to answer the question and delivered an amazing response. Melina won that run, but at the end of it, she ran up to Alina to thank her, genuinely, for "backing her up". This is where the ice wall between the two starting to thaw.

In this Melina's presidency term, they actually worked a little bit closer in organizing stuff. And found each other's company to be very pleasant, like very pleasant. Around the end of Melina's term, they started dating. They still are until the time of [[Jaskier Zym]] death.

One thing that Melina is definitely better at than Alina is sports. Melina is very talented in many sports, especially those that include controlling a ball within your hand. In simplest terms, she would make a good basketball player, volleyball player, handball player, and even rugby player. Aside from sports, she's also very good in combat, both magical and physical. Honestly Melina just seems like a Mary Sue, at least from the outside.

Her family life was not great. It was not that her parents are never satisfied with good grades and everything, but her parents just disagree with her study choice in general. Her family was rather conservative and thought that an Orc is just not suited in pursuing arcane arts. They really disagreed with Melina so much that she was cutoff from the family. One of the reasons that she joined the academy a few years late is that she had to find work in Emmeryn to be able to afford joining, but at the year before she joined, she got scholarships from different sources: sports tournament, essays, debate competition, etc. She might be a Mary Sue in the academy grounds, but outside, she lead quite a lonely life.

# Post Academy and Relationship

Well at least before Alina came in. They actually started living together after they graduated (at the same time). Alina still had to come to the Ring of Brass a lot because well that was where she worked. They have a small apartment in a middle class residence region of Emmeryn.

As Melina specialized in abjuration and evocation magic, she actually worked quite closely with the military in Emmeryn developping... technologies. Alina doesn't exactly know much what exactly she's doing because military tech is always classified. Aside from her intelligence, Melina was also really talented in magical usage within combat. She works with the army itself sometimes as a consultant, well at least that's what she tells Alina. There has also been times where Melina is needed somewhere else than Emmeryn, but again the location was never disclosed to Alina. However, the trip is never that long.

In the first years of living together, things were actually not that bad, they devout a lot of time for each other and work was not as busy.  They liked to stargaze together, reading, Alina got Melina to a bit of herbology, and Melina got Alina to do some sports with her. In their third year living together each of their work got busier, they started to go on business trips and Alina started to work on the weekends. This is where their relationship started to meet a decline.

The last three years together were not exactly great. They were not exactly fighting all the time, but they just grew distant, and there was a certain coldness that grew within each other. The best way to describe it is I think to say that they were like college roomates, but imagine that each of them are away most of the time. Not much room for bonding.

Only last year, a big fight occured between the two, it started as what should they eat together, but damn a lot of unrelated topics entered the scene. I want you to imagine the scene like that one super scene from "A Marriage Story" with Scarlett Johansson and Adam Driver. After things calmed down, they both realized how unnurtured the relationship is. They then decided to make it better. They've started to take less work and devout more time for each other, like the good old days. To strengthen their bond again, they decided to take a side project together. They bought a small piece of land in the forest area of Emmeryn and come there every weekend to maintain and grow a magical garden.