Jaya and Tommy kept their profile low. Nothing fancy or violent for Tommy. He mostly worked as a hunter, selling some mid to low level goods. If extra money is needed, he'd do some physical work needed around the city (pushing crates and shit). As for Jaya, the first years he also hops around between odd jobs, mostly relying on Tommy's hunting and physical labor jobs. But after like 2 years, he found a job as an assistant tinkerer in THAT shop.

Tommy does not go out that much, mostly cuz of paranoia, self hate, and being edgy. He does however have a few friends beside Jaya. One is a regular customer of Tommy's hunting goods, Hana, human. She usually gets some meat for her fam. She's kinda into Tommy but Tommy is oblivious to it lol. Another is Aiko, dwarf, stout dude who does the same kind of physical labor work as Tommy. He's actually the guy that gets Tommy the extra jobs. They hang out in a low class café in the outskirts of the city after work. Another one is Rin, Jaya's girlfriend. Yeah he got a gf, good guy. She's a friend of Tommy simply because she is Jaya's girl, and that about it lol.

As for Jaya, aside from the gf, he actually got close to a community. A bit like Tommy's story actually, it's where Rin lives. The community is pretty low class, but very closely knitted. Reminds Jaya of Tisa Bangaray. He spends quite a lot of time there. He tries to get Tommy to get into the community, but he does not want to socialize too much cuz that interferes with edgy self dark brooding time. Also it reminds him too much of Tisa, confronting the past is for non-edgy entities, and he's defo edgy. He has however visited the community, but really rarely goes.