For general info on Sharav: [[Sharav]]
# How they met and early relationship

Sharav was in a performance, being the "target" of a shooting circus like show. Tommy attended the show just for fun, saw her, and had a crush. He is a bit awkward in the approach but he keeps coming lol. I guess Sharav found it cute somehow. Sharav would be doing odd jobs here and there around the city, and more often than not, Tommy would randomly be there bringing gifts. Ranging from flowers to some mediocre food that Tommy find delicious. It's like a cat trying to win over someone, but the cat isn't that cute, and the cat is also awkward. Well eventually Sharav's walls went down and they got together. And from this point on, Tommy does not have a reason to run further, and he intend to stay.

# Driving Tommy to become kinder

Somehow Sharav just drives Tommy to be good again. Tommy for some reason that he doesn't even know why, he just feels very comfortable with Sharav, it's like somehow he knows that Sharav understands him, even before Tommy told her anything about his past. He acts good when it comes to Sharav; before the relationship is official, he would bring gifts that he thinks it's cool (not what Sharav think is cool, he wasn't that smart yet), and also just helping her with her odd jobs, or getting odd jobs, he did this even without her permission, which kinda led to problems sometimes. He was, in a way, controlling, but not in a very aggressive manner, it's like passive controlling. He would make her do sumn, but if she doesn't want to do it, he'd just let go of it (most of the times at least).

About other things beside Sharav, Tommy was still a bit of an ass that couldn't care less about others. He still does some illegal things to get by. However, he did become better, not exactly because Sharav was nagging him for what he had done, but more that Sharav was so friendly and kind to others, that Tommy got dragged into it. Sharav also introduced to him the indopino community, since that is where she live, it is there specifically where Tommy saw most of the kindness that Sharav brought.

# Tommy's insecurity

So about his past, he told her that she lost his family, his parents died, but never really cared for him anyway. He told her that he also had a brother, but then ha was gone. In the conversation it was defo visible in his eyes that he had a bad past, and was easy to see that he was not telling the whole truth. However, Sharav understood enough and know enough that Tommy didn't want to be asked more, and it even was hard for Tommy to share this anyway.

Throughout the relationship, Tommy, obviously, was having abandonment issues as well, although it was never explicitely communicated to Sharav. Specifically, he was scared that he is not good enough for Sharav (sinec she's super kind and all and Tommy is an asshole by default), especially paired with the fact that Sharav was a bit cold to him throughout the relationship, colder than how she would be with others, at least sometimes. It was only when Tommy showed vulnerability, ie sharing his past, she was warm with him. However Tommy was just not ready to do that. Especially with the fact that he killed people and he thought his past is just too sad.

This insecurity had two effects on Tommy, the good one is that he's tryna better himself so he would become "good", this is seen by him tryna befriend the indopino community more and try to help out more in the community. The bad thing is well cuz he often get frustated about this, he vents by almost always picking an illegal job that involves violence, he justifies it by saying "it's all I know".

