# [[Tisa Bangaray]]

Sharav lived in a community of indopino people, the name is Tisa Bangaray (in [[Next Campaign/DM Notes/Location/8-10. Zankoku/9. Xianhua/Emerald Gate/The Emerald gate|The Emerald gate]], specifically in [[The Sapphire Wall]]). The community is quite close knitted, probably because everything is literally so close to each other. They help each other out and stuff. Tommy visits Sharav a lot and sees her helping around the community very often. This kinda rubs off on Tommy and he kinda got close to the community as well.

## Joko and Jaya

One family that they were close with, cuz they were direct neighbours, is a family consists of an old man and his son, [[Joko]] and [[Jaya]]. Joko, the father, has been sick for quite a long time, and his son Jaya had to take care of him. Jaya, since he had to take care of his dad, doesnt really have any other family than Joko. To make money, Jaya works as a scavenger and tinkerer. He just finds random shit here and there and make something out of it. Since Jaya is pretty busy, to ensure he could provide medications on top of food, Joko is often alone. So Sharav quite often keep Joko company, bringing extra food and things. And well Tommy joins them sometimes.

Tommy also helped Jaya with his scavenging and tinkering when he got free time. Shared sometimes some interesting places outside the wall that could have some scavenging potential, would venture out together. Tommy also learnt a little bit of tinkering, know some basics of mechanical systems. Mind that Jaya wasn't exactly super good in what he does, especially that he never really had access to education, so Tommy wasn't exactly any good either. He'd be able to assist someone like Jaya, but would not be able to do anything alone.

Overtime they got closer and closer, Tommy would visit them almost every other day. The relationship that he has with Jaya reminded him of his brother, what he could had if things went differently. 
## Waroeng

One notable person in Tisa Bangaray is [[Louisa]]. She is almost like the matriarch of the community, the grandma, abuella. She owns a small general shop called [[Waroeng]], that basically sits in the middle of the community. Waroeng isn't a mere shop, it is also the main gathering place of the community, despite its small size. Lota people hang out here in the evening. At first, Tommy would only come if Sharav is there, he was also rather quiet and only talked if he was spoken to. But overtime he got warmer with the people and would sometimes go without Sharav. He mostly listens in to others to know what's going on around the community. From here he knows some problems that went on in the community and helped some of them sometimes.

# Extortion

For a long time, the [[The yi ling ba family]] has extorted the community, just like other communities in the wall. They know that Waroeng is the main gathering place so they would only ask there. The whole Tisa Bangaray would contribute to the hefty sum that they always ask.

At some point, the community just didn't have enough money. At first the gang would just give verbal threats.

==DM NOTE==
*The 'extortion' is in essence paying for protection money. I.E this money ensures that whenever someone were to mess with them* [[The yi ling ba family]] *would intervene. Instead of them beating up random people from the community, they would not protect them anymore. Resulting in looting and even violence as they are under the protection of anyone anymore. From the three parties, they are the most fair towards a community, so randomly looting and beating up does not fit. However you can see it as them creating such a system in the first place, which also leads to violence in the absence of protection money. This could lead to resentment on Tommy's part.*


==Rethink this part with the information above==
		then it escalated to random people beating and eventually just stealing goods from around the community. Unfortunately the people here really can't do anything, and everyone just takes the beating. But not Tommy, he hated it, he saw this as unfair and well he vengeful and violent instinct is kicking in pretty hard. 

One day, when the collection time hit, some houses were visited, one of them was Joko's, well Tommy and Sharav were there, things got really fired up that Joko was hurt and died. Well oh well some people got beat pretty bad after that, including Tommy. This obviously backfired, well Tommy felt responsible about it as well. So he went to [[Next Campaign/DM Notes/Location/8-10. Zankoku/9. Xianhua/Emerald Gate/Rasa Jawa|Rasa Jawa]] for help. He talked to [[Farhan]] there and asked if there's anything that the family can do about it, after all it is a Mahilayan community. Unfortunately, since Tommy already sparked a fire, there is very little that they could do, especially since the Saphire Wall is a bit out of their reach. After also talking with the head of the family, [[Dini Ranggini]], they worked out that Tommy could contact the [[the Shang You family]], the Mahilayan crime fam would just smoothen the initial contact. That is by providing some info that normally only the Shang You should know. ASK STEVE WHAT THIS COULD BE

Let's just say that the first contact is not super duper smooth, and Tommy got beaten, especially cuz Tommy knows something that he shouldn't. Tommy however offers to help them with the problem by assassinating someone that is part of that problem, kinda using the problem as a leverage, in return the family would protect Tisa Bangaray. At the end, he got the deal.

POSSIBLE PROBLEM: One of the high ranking members in the fam got a sex scandal and one a journalist might have some proof of that. Tommy offers to assassinate the journalist and possibly the sex partner in order to cover everything up.

The assassination went really smoothly and the family liked the result. Saw potential in Tommy. He then offered Tommy a silent position in the family being a hitman (silent meaning that not everyone in the fam knows he's part of it, he got no uniform no nothing, and the relationship between the fam and Tommy is loose). Tommy ofc knew that they weren't really asking, it is proabbly part of the deal to ensure the continutity of Tisa Bangaray's protection. He accepted the position.
# Effect on relationship

Sharav got prego, and shit in the relationship started to get more serious. Tommy got scared because well being a hitman is extremely dangerous, in his mind there's just no way if he stays with them that they would be safe. But this is also because he doesn't think that he's good enough to be her serious serious partner and a father, but he still cares about them.

Sharav wanted Tommy to stay with them more, figure something out, work out some more deals with the Mahilayan gang or sumn, especially because of the child. But Tommy was insistant that this is the only sure way to protect Tisa Bangaray. Sharav even told him to just move out of the city, leave all this. This turns into a big fight. Tommy also told her that he is not good enough. Sharav even told him that he is and begged for him to just stay with her more. Then there was a fight about how Sharav was cold to him, then a fight about how Tommy was secretive about his past, how Sharav was also secretive, etc etc. But all this just screams "TOMMY GOT NO BALLS AND CANT COMMIT". After this Tommy just left.

Tommy still loved Sharav, was extremely sad that he had done what he did. However, Tommy still keeps an eye on them, asking the neighbours how she doing, sending them money. First directly, which then was declined, but then indirectly through Sharav's neighbours (who was also Tommy's friends).

She left town, no idea where, after a year from the breakup.

----
*changes*
# A need for protection

For a long time, the [[The yi ling ba family]] has extorted the community, just like other communities in the wall. They know that Waroeng is the main gathering place so they would only ask there. The whole Tisa Bangaray would contribute to the hefty sum that they always ask.

As time goes by, it gets harder to simply get by. The community just didn't have enough money to pay the yi ling ba. The yi ling ba stopped giving them protection, this threatens the safety of the community. Gradually, the halls of Tisa Bangaray are becoming more and more unsafe as other communities take advantage of their lack of protection. At one point, some robbers got into Joko and Jaya's place. Tommy and Sharav happened to be there at the time. Things got violent, boom boom bap the robbers ran away, one was potentially dying cuz Tommy went kinda nuts. The thing is in the process Joko and Jaya got physically hurt. Since Joko was old and frail, yeah he died short after. Yeah bad feelings and sad sad.

These things keep happening, Tommy would go rampant protecting each time something like this happens. Even with the help of the others trying to protect the community, it aint enough. So Tommy had to find some help.

...


