# Jaya Joined

Tommy doesn't live in [[Tisa Bangaray]] anymore, of course. He knows that what he does is very dangerous and would put people around him in danger. However, there is one person just keeps trailing him, [[Jaya]]. This dude turns out to be a bit more resourceful than Tommy thought, proven by the fact that he could find him. He was very lost after his father died, and welp really wanted to get back at the [[The yi ling ba family]]. He knew that he couldn't do anything, but after suddenly getting protection from Shang You, and Tommy went kinda missing, he tried to find Tommy.

Let's just say that he put two and two together and knew Tommy did something to make shit better. He wanted to help, whatever Tommy did (at this point Jaya still didn't know what Tommy did). But yeah eventually, even after Tommy tried to persuade him to not help him, cuz you know it's dangerous, Tommy also told him pursuing vengeance ain't good (very hypocritical I know), Jaya was very persistent, Tommy eventually agrees with him helping.

Jaya made quite a sophisticated crossbow for Tommy, would offer him repair, made bolts, even went out of his own way to steal some materials and books to up his craft. Tommy does help him sometimes to ensure that he's not in big big danger.

# The Viper

The hitman life is definitely not a good life. He does get quite a compensation aside from the portion that is used for Tisa Bangaray's protection. He is however required to be extremely careful about his identity and needed to ensure that basically no one knows about his relationship with the Shang You family. Also because the yi ling ba basically extra hates him now. Basically, he needs to live very very discreetly. Going back to Tisa Bangaray would not be very wise. Sure, he could actually find friends in the "underground network" but yeah they're not exactly the best people. The only real friend that he has right now is Jaya, who still live quite far away from him, let's say they live in the opposite end of Emerald's gate.

The Viper is the name that he is known with in the underground network. The infamous assassin. It is not however known that it's correlated to the [[the Shang You family]], only few speculated, and even less actually know. This is because the assassinations that are ordered by the family seems very random. Sometimes it is some common criminal, sometimes it is a known member of a criminal group, but sometimes, it's also just non-criminals, at least from the looks of it. He has been ordered to kill some middle class businessman, upperclass business man, even one time a journalist who happens to just be a kid.

*You killed 4 people in this time, you can make them somewhat bigger targets.*


He's coping by thinking that this is all necessary to protect the community, but in reality, he barely keeps contact with Tisa Bangaray, he doesn't exactly care about them anymore, he's just feeling lost, stuck, and invested too much in this. 

# Jaya's Incident and Vengeance

==After having to pay protection money, Jaya got a little too confident and provoked the member of [[The yi ling ba family]]. He got the shit kicked out of him and eventually they crushed his arm beyond repair whereafter the arm was severed as it was useless. Tommy brought him to some underground medicine service, and unfortunately Jaya's arm had to be amputated.==

Tommy told Jaya to live with him to ensure his safety, he basically takes care of him now. He still does a bit of work, but quite much slower now.

Tommy's old feeling of vengeance and justice really kicking right now. So he went asking to his Shang You employer to see if there's anything they can do to give him one of [[The eights]]. But his employer didn't give him nothing. So he went to the Mahilayan gang, with a lot of money. They gave him a direction (something like the Shang You still having a "conversation" with one of the eight regarding either politics or business, theres some sort of truce in this particular regard) . From this clue, he snooped up a Shang You place and got info on where one of the eight would be.

Boom Boom, he killed the korean dude.

# Leaving Emerald's Gate

Ngl Tommy was sorta sloppy in this whole process, he was taking it too fast so he could quench that thirst of vengeance. And so yeah it aint safe for him. The Shang You figured things out only a few months after the assassination. Tracked him down, brought him in, easily, without even much effort. They were bouta execute him but Tommy managed to strike a deal of just leaving Emerald's Gate and never stepping foot there ever again. So he left!

Yeah but it aint that easy. Jaya wanted to come with him, I suppose he just felt indebted to Tommy for basically saving his life. Of course Jaya would be a liability and would slow Tommy down and potentially endanger them both if Jaya comes, but Tommy kinda see him as a bro at this point and eventually let him follow.

On the way out, in the outskirts of the city, they were ambushed again by yi ling ba, barely managed to escape and Tommy lost an arm. Funnily enough, it was actually Jaya that caught it off. It was like a boulder coming off a valley sorta ambush, arm got stuck, have to cut it off or stuck there getting killed sort of situation. And they got horsies!

---
some changes

# The Viper

The Shang You basically hired Tommy to be (I guess one of) their dirty hand in Emerald's gate, especially for within [[The Sapphire Wall]]. He was mostly ordered to harass the Yi Ling Ba from the shadows. This ranges from mild poisoning, beating, or a small raid towards one of their potential facilities. But nothing extreme, no killings, no big time stealing, etc. But even then, it has become quite dangerous for Tommy to stay in one place for too long in the wall. 

He is known as the Viper, because most of the time, he poisons. The victim would vomit out lota black ooze for an hour until they basically feint, however it is definitely treatable and the victim can get back to full health in a few weeks. This is mainly because Tommy uses a toxin that he took from a common viper that can be found lingering in nature around the Emerald's Gate, the snake sometimes linger to the city as well. The main goal of the poisoning to really strike fear, that's why the symptoms are showy.

He hopped from places to places every other month to ensure that no one follow him and finds out his identity. He defo doesn't stay in Tisa Bangaray no more in fear that his adversaries would find out connections. So he is mostly alone, hanging out in more of "the underground" of the wall, although honestly the whole place kinda got that vibe lol. He does have connections in case he needs something, but he does not have friends at this time. Until Jaya came.

# Jaya

This dude turns out to be a bit more resourceful than Tommy thought, proven by the fact that he could find him. He was very lost after his father died, and welp really wanted to get back at the [[The yi ling ba family]]. He knew that he couldn't do anything, but after suddenly getting protection from the yi ling ba again, which was weird because money was still hard in the community, and Tommy went kinda missing, he tried to find Tommy.

Let's just say that he put two and two together and knew Tommy did something to make shit better. He wanted to help, whatever Tommy did (at this point Jaya still didn't know what Tommy did). But yeah eventually, even after Tommy tried to persuade him to not help him, cuz you know it's dangerous, Tommy also told him pursuing vengeance ain't good (very hypocritical I know), Jaya was very persistent, Tommy eventually agrees with him helping.

Jaya made quite a sophisticated crossbow for Tommy, would offer him repair, made bolts, even went out of his own way to steal some materials and books to up his craft. Tommy does help him sometimes to ensure that he's not in big big danger. Jaya also sometimes help Tommy with some simple chores, like getting food and shit. Sometimes he even goes out assisting the set up for the next harassment or something, like gathering the venom from vipers. Overall, Jaya keeps him company, for Tommy, and also for himself. I think he knows that Tommy is lonenly and well he also felt the same way since his father died.

They didn't live together, or close together, because that would be dangerous and Jaya understood that. Jaya still live in Tisa Bangaray, but he goes to Tommy every now and then whenever he got the chance, and if it's safe. So yeah he also developed more his "street" sense to ensure he aint followed or something. Their meeting points vary.

# Jaya's Vengeance and Incident

Basically Jaya threw some shit at yi ling ba cuz he still so mad about his dad. But, he's not super proficient in throwing shit sneakily, so eventually got caught. When he got caught, things were real bad, he got beat up, real real bad. Almost died and shit.

Tommy got real mad. Before, he was just kinda mad at the gang, but now he's real mad mad. So he tracked down one of the eight, found the korean guy, then killed him.

Then they both went underground underground, cuz well they sorta knew things gona go down bad. Took a while for the gang to find em, but eventually they did. They had to flee to Yamano. Tommy lost his right arm (dominant) in the process.
